README.md, before:

# text-ken
**ken** _noun_:
  1. the range of perception, understanding, or knowledge
  2. sight, view

**ken** _verb_:
  1. see
  2. recognize
  3. know

Text-ken is a package that facilitates reading and extracting insights from text documents of varying formats. It currently supports reading .doc, .docx, .txt, .pdf, .xml, .html, .xlsx, .tsv, and .csv files.

For examples of how to use the code herein, please see the notebooks in the [notebooks folder](./notebooks).

## Required packages
- beautifulsoup4
- docx2txt
- pandas
- pdfminer.six
- pywin32 (on Windows)
- regex
- wordcloud
- xlrd

\* This has only been tested with Python 3.6.

## About this repository
This repository - including its contents and structure - was assembled to provide an example of a repository for practicum teams. For even more detailed information, please give the repository's wiki a glance. Everything in this repository is subject to change.

## Contributing
Pull requests are welcome. To make any edits, updates, or other changes, please submit a pull request to merge your proposed changes into the `develop` branch and include an explanation of your changes in the submission.

Please make sure to update tests as appropriate.

Commit message:

Add requirements file and update README

README.md, after:

# text-ken
**ken** _noun_:
  1. the range of perception, understanding, or knowledge
  2. sight, view

**ken** _verb_:
  1. see
  2. recognize
  3. know

Text-ken is a package that facilitates reading and extracting insights from text documents of varying formats. It currently supports reading .doc, .docx, .txt, .pdf, .xml, .html, .xlsx, .tsv, and .csv files.

For examples of how to use the code herein, please see the notebooks in the [notebooks folder](./notebooks).

## Required packages
- beautifulsoup4
- docx2txt
- pandas
- pdfminer.six
- pywin32 (on Windows)
- regex
- wordcloud
- xlrd

The exact package versions that were used during package development can be found in [requirements.txt](./requirements.txt).

\* This package has only been tested with Python 3.6.

## About this repository
This repository - including its contents and structure - was assembled to provide an example of a repository for practicum teams. For even more detailed information, please give the repository's wiki a glance. Everything in this repository is subject to change.

## Contributing
Pull requests are welcome. To make any edits, updates, or other changes, please submit a pull request to merge your proposed changes into the `develop` branch and include an explanation of your changes in the submission.

Please make sure to update tests as appropriate.
